README.md, before:

# pub.lurey.dev

A wide but independent collection of Dart packages and projects.

## Packages

Project | Build | Version | Changelog | Description
------- | ----- | ------- | --------- | -----------
[`jsonut`](./packages/jsonut/)  | [![package/jsonut](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_jsonut.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_jsonut.yaml) | [![Version for package:jsonut](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/jsonut)](https://pub.dev/packages/jsonut) | [Changelog](./packages/jsonut/CHANGELOG.md) | A minimal utility kit for working with JSON in a typesafe manner.
[`oath`](./packages/oath/)  | [![package/oath](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_oath.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_oath.yaml) | [![Version for package:oath](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/oath)](https://pub.dev/packages/oath) | [Changelog](./packages/oath/CHANGELOG.md) | Swear a Paladin's Oath to code righteousness by enforcing lints.
[`sdk`](./packages/sdk/) | [![package/sdk](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_sdk.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_sdk.yaml) | [![Version for package:sdk](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/sdk)](https://pub.dev/packages/sdk) | [Changelog](./packages/sdk/CHANGELOG.md) | Utilities for finding and using the Dart SDK programmatically.

Commit message:

Add packages lore and proc.

README.md, after:

# pub.lurey.dev

A wide but independent collection of Dart packages and projects.

## Packages

Project | Build | Version | Changelog | Description
------- | ----- | ------- | --------- | -----------
[`jsonut`](./packages/jsonut/)  | [![package/jsonut](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_jsonut.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_jsonut.yaml) | [![Version for package:jsonut](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/jsonut)](https://pub.dev/packages/jsonut) | [Changelog](./packages/jsonut/CHANGELOG.md) | A minimal utility kit for working with JSON in a typesafe manner.
[`lore`](./packages/oath/)  | [![package/lore](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_lore.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_lore.yaml) | [![Version for package:lore](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/lore)](https://pub.dev/packages/lore) | [Changelog](./packages/lore/CHANGELOG.md) | Fast, structured, and idiomatic logging with an extensible API.
[`oath`](./packages/oath/)  | [![package/oath](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_oath.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_oath.yaml) | [![Version for package:oath](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/oath)](https://pub.dev/packages/oath) | [Changelog](./packages/oath/CHANGELOG.md) | Swear a Paladin's Oath to code righteousness by enforcing lints.
[`proc`](./packages/proc/)  | [![package/proc](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_proc.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_proc.yaml) | [![Version for package:proc](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/proc)](https://pub.dev/packages/proc) | [Changelog](./packages/oath/CHANGELOG.md) | Run and manage OS processes with an extensible and testable API.
[`sdk`](./packages/sdk/) | [![package/sdk](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_sdk.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/matanlurey/pub.lurey.dev/actions/workflows/package_sdk.yaml) | [![Version for package:sdk](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/sdk)](https://pub.dev/packages/sdk) | [Changelog](./packages/sdk/CHANGELOG.md) | Utilities for finding and using the Dart SDK programmatically.
